You are free
you you
The next thing that I want to say is our lack of biological knowledge and the general poor health of America, of the American people, is being used to create the crisis they need to divide and conquer us, to ruin maybe America, I don't know, crash the dollar, I don't know, steal the rest of what limited treasury value we have left, I don't know.
But I know for sure that they are combining our lack of biological knowledge and our general society's lack of good health and access to health care to create a crisis to usher in all kinds of changes that would otherwise never be necessary, and more importantly, never be possible.
Good evening, good evening, good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Test 1-2.
Good to be back on the air, ladies and gentlemen.
Good to see you all very much.
Good to see you, good to see you, good to see you.
You
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
We are in the hamster wheel.
It's a little late today, maybe.
5.10 p.m.
here in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I'm about ready to start my evening.
Whoa, that pivot was bad.
Your consciousness is still the prime real estate.
It doesn't matter whether I've been here every night or whether I just got here right now.
That doesn't change, and it's not going to change for quite some time.
That's the reality that we're living in right now.
It's not going to change for quite some time.
These charlatans are not going to give up power.
And because we inherited them from our parents, it's going to be extra work to take the power back.
Some of us are actually going to have to become adults and maybe try to take some positions of leadership in our communities.
We're going to have to try and push some bigger ideas and force people to either acknowledge them or correct them.
That includes intramuscular injection being dumb.
That includes transfection of healthy humans always being criminal.
And it includes RNA not being able to pandemic.
I think all of these things now are things that we should challenge them to correct.
These people that are organized around lies and manipulating our opinions on social media, we need to challenge them on these ideas.
Stop allowing them to
have this very lively debate within their own predefined spectrum about the covid shots being really bad or or some some permutation of it all the while
All the people on all the media, on all of the TV shows and on all of the magazines, they all believe there was a novel virus that killed millions of people.
They all believe that lots of people were saved by lockdowns and masks.
They all believe that that's at least a debate worth having because the next one could be gain of function.
And this illusion must be broken.
It must not be allowed to be passed on to our children.
It is imperative, in fact, that this not be passed on to our children.
I'm not sure why the mic sounds a little weak to me right now, but I don't know.
Maybe I'm just lost in the sound effects here.
I think that's all off.
This should be right.
These buttons are set correctly.
That one, yeah, I don't know.
These people have led us to believe that there was a mystery virus.
Of course, they had to be there, not only on TV, not only on traditional, you know, information sources, but also in the corners.
They had to have Alex Jones on the team.
They had to have some podcasters on the team.
And those podcasters were put in place early.
And that includes Joe Rogan, whether he knows it or not, because Joe Rogan was the place where these people all went.
during the beginning of the pandemic, the middle of the pandemic, the end of the pandemic, and now they're still going there and they're still perpetuating these mythologies of the virus and not accepting the possibility that a biosecurity state, maybe a multinational biosecurity state, would be more than willing to murder a few people in New York City and murder a few people throughout the Western world
where this population pyramid problem exists.
And in America I think it was supplementary oxygen, I think it was opioids rolled up in there, allowed to go bananas, maybe even facilitated to go bananas.
And that's again why you don't see any epidemiological evidence of spread.
that these deaths happened primarily in hospitals.
But unfortunately, that's also why we don't have any lawyers that are using any words that mean anything in the law that matters, in the debate that matters.
The legal language is just weak.
and it is devoid of any meaning.
And that is especially true of Aaron Seery and his his things that he's done in Louisiana and in Texas essentially make it unnecessary for the government to give him any substantial response because he doesn't challenge
the government in any substantial way.
And that's because he doesn't use those words up there, rational basis test, strict scrutiny, jurisdiction stripping.
He doesn't use them in a meaningful way.
He doesn't use them in a way that at least a few lawyers now behind the scenes seem to understand quite well.
And two of the lawyers at the Brownstone kind of ran away from me when we wanted to talk about it, which is still interesting.
It's still something to be paid attention to because intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
And I've got a whole, I got a whole bookshelf full of books over here and no one's ever said it like that.
They need 500 pages to say something as clever as that.
Transpection of healthy humans was always criminal.
I got lots of books over here also about the pandemic or the plannedemic or the preventable
or the global predators, and nobody's ever called it transfection.
Nobody's ever said that it's old technology that they're trying to recycle by calling gene therapy.
No one's ever said it, except for me.
RNA cannot pandemic is also something that doesn't seem to really want to catch on.
Nobody really wants to say it.
No one.
Um, no one wants to address the possibility that, okay, well, he's mistaken because, and here's a small list, nobody, and definitely they don't want to talk about what a pattern integrity might be relative to life and why viruses or whatever the hell those things are, definitely aren't pattern integrities.
Shocking it is absolutely shocking to see how this Coordinated illusion of consensus is maintained this limited spectrum of debate is maintained and how these different teams actually fit together So nicely if you think about their collective goal being to obfuscate the recycled gene Transfections these recycled RNA transfections DNA transfections.
It's just it's just all synthetic genetics
And it is brute force, you know, use of chemicals to apply these and to get protein expression.
And all of these people are probably now going to tell us that GMO plants also just need to be tested, right?
We just have to fix them.
And I think this is where our children are in danger, ladies and gentlemen.
I think this is where our children are in danger because again, if this kind of totalitarianism takes over and on the internet, it doesn't matter who those people are, as long as these ideas are the ideas that get argued about on YouTube, our children will think that this is a useful debate and it means something to their biology and their future.
And that is an absolute lie because right now,
They've already tested and demonstrated that a team of highly trained acolytes going around the world and doing COVID summits in all kinds of different NATO and non-NATO countries is actually very effective at controlling the dissident opinion and making sure that the dissidents are of any given timeframe and even different countries are still asking the same questions, which is extraordinary.
I believe that's what the Rescue the Republic is about.
I believe that's what the international COVID summits are about.
I believe that's what FLCCC has done.
I think that's what CHD did before the pandemic, and ICANN as well.
And if it wasn't by design, it was by sabotage, and we have to wake up to the truth.
The truth is harsh.
The truth is that when you have giant piles of money, you can use them to do a lot of things.
You can use them to buy a lot of people.
And you can use them to control a lot of opinion.
And that's what I think they've done here.
And that narrative, the questions, the debates, these mythologies trap us.
And that's why I show this.
That's why I think it's so important to see this part of it because essentially what you have is you have an elaborate theater on social media that has been designed to make people like, I don't know, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
feel like Han Solo.
and make Jay Bhattacharya feel like Lando Calrissian.
And they're both about to help lead the assault to make sure that freedom stays free and the rebel alliance wins.
And the illusion could be very, very, very thick.
It could be hundreds of people.
in private meetings and on social media and random people generating random appearances of illusions of consensus.
And all the while in these meetings, these people are told that they're heroes.
And they tried to do it to me.
They did it to me for a long time.
That's why I think it's important for me to share my story because it would be the reason why Nathan would believe me.
Because Nathan would understand that, okay, if this was just some guy telling me this is one thing, but this is my friend Jay.
This is my friend that I've, you know, known for the last 25 years.
And if he's telling me that these people brought him in and made him feel like a hero to protect intellectual property, Nathan would have known what I was talking about.
Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Jonathan Cooley.
I used to be a academic biologist.
I was chasing tenure last at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine at the start of the pandemic when I was asked not to come in anymore because they thought I was a danger to the faculty.
The work that I did for those 15 to 20 years
is catalogued on PubMed, and you can look that up by C-O-U-E-Y space J-J, and there's all those publications.
The name GigaOM Biological is derived from the work that I did as an academic biologist.
I was basically a microscope jockey, and you can find all of my work also on my own PeerTube channel, in addition to Twitch.
Twitch only holds the last 60 days worth of videos, and I have all of my videos here on PeerTube.
And eventually, we could, in theory, have the entire catalog, because that's also here on drives and backed up in other places.
And so, the whole catalog of work over the last five years, which essentially stands as a, like it or not, an unblemished record of integrity, where from the very beginning, I was willing to sacrifice my faculty position, my job, and risk everything that I thought I had
I had earned to speak the truth and because I thought that people would listen.
I thought people in Norway who worked with me during some of my personally work that I'm most proud of would believe me, but they didn't.
I thought people in the Netherlands would believe me, but they didn't.
I thought my best friend Nathan would believe me, but they didn't.
And so this is a long, arduous road that we've been on together.
GigaOMBiological.com is the place to go if you want to find a way to support this work.
I do feel like a little bit like I'm on a
on a starship all by myself, trapped in some kind of alternate universe where I'm the only one who's aware of how many liars there are.
I'm trying to get out of that starship.
I'm trying to pull myself out.
It's a little bit of a crazy place to be.
but it is also partially reality because so few people seem to be able to break the spell of the internet and break the spell of social media and still believe that there is a significant amount of truth to be harvested there and that truth is represented by people agreeing there and this is absolutely positively the main militarized weapon on social media.
It is groups of people
that coordinatedly lie in order to create a virtual Truman Show.
And if you've never seen the Truman Show, it is an imperative movie to see.
It is just so important to see it for what it is, that when Truman is realizing what's going on, it is not the sceneries
breaking down, it is the coordinated lying of the people breaking down.
And what we are about to see over the next year or maybe two is the coordinated lying break down.
It has to break down because by definition, they can't stand.
And so in a way, what we need to do now is make sure that we don't get taken down by it, that we don't ourselves suffer at all as these lies are dispelled.
And that will be part of the trap that we can fall into in the next couple of years, is this idea that we would get sucked into somehow or another claiming that we knew first, when first and foremost, we must repeatedly apologize for having not known.
for having instead believed with all of our heart that we were certainly right, that it's definitely a lab leak and these people are definitely covering it up.
Because that Scooby-Doo mystery, when I call it a Scooby-Doo mystery, I'm actually kind of taking away the seriousness of it.
When in reality, every single one of us, me included, that was fooled by these people is
share some responsibility for every college kid that was injured by the transfections, every old person that took a transformation.
Because we were talking behind the scenes and fueling a narrative about a worst-case scenario which would make, maybe, transfections seem like the logical choice.
Now, we weren't the worst of them.
We weren't saying that it was flying AIDS or that the spike protein was going to cause amyloidosis or anything like that, but calling it a lab leak.
saying that there's this possibility that it could have unknown attributes and consequences as a result of being a lab leak was part of their illusion.
It was in the trap.
And as long as we were revving our motorcycles and going around in circles on that idea, we were helping to enchant our friends.
We were helping to enchant our fellow coworkers or our family and friends.
It's not
You must realize that.
And I certainly realized that, and that's why I still have that Scooby-Doo link on GigaOMBiological.com, because I wrote a review and I was calling for the pause on transfections, but I still didn't understand.
I was still saying that the virus might get stronger if we keep transfecting to a single protein, yada, yada, yada.
Everything that Geert van den Bosch wanted me to say.
everything that Luigi Warren from Drastic wanted me to say when he gave me the Merrick's Disease paper.
And again, I can't stress enough how if you don't know you're being played, then it can feel a combination of cooperation and also, you know, exhilarating.
And they know that.
They can tie a paycheck to it.
They can tie sponsorships to it.
They can tie viewers to it.
They can tie sub stack subscribers to it.
So in other words, although I was taken in one way, there were many other people that are probably taken in many other ways.
But all of them are being taken by signal chats and telegram groups and all these places where you don't know who all the people are.
You don't know who, if all the people are, all people.
And if that's the case, then very quickly you could have an illusion of consensus where four or five people agree on something when in reality that could be one person screwing with you.
And how many people would they be able to control like that?
They could control quite a few people if they employed a person to run signal chats and gave them the technology to do it.
Maybe even gave them some AI so that they could, you know, make quick responses that weren't their responses, but kind of like it or something like that.
And then eight hours a day, your job was to just work all these people on signal chats and make sure that they see what they're asking questions about and steer them toward what's on the whiteboard.
I mean, this is peanuts.
If you have billions of dollars in a pile, maybe even trillions of dollars in a pile, you could have actually thousands of people working like that.
Thousands of people working like that behind the scenes on Signal and Telegram, feeding information to people working on the public-facing end on X, on the public-facing end on Substack, and then make those people rise.
And so then you have all these infiltrated accounts, all these anonymous accounts that are used to create illusions of consensus and create debates where people then basically game out the debate and tell you what they know.
And then you feed that up through the chain to people who are on X, and those people have many more followers.
So then in the end, they see their own ideas being represented by somebody else.
who obviously has much more reach than them.
And so then they're like, hey man, hey man, I'm down here.
I was saying the same thing.
That's how they got me several times, I believe.
And that's how they get a lot of people, a lot of the time.
That's why social media is so dangerous.
That's why it's so dangerous for us to allow our kids to inherit social media as the default way of communicating and the default way of getting their information and the default way of understanding what's going on.
Because if we, this will be much worse than our parents handing us the FDA and handing us the CDC and handing us the NIH and handing us Tony Fauci and handing us
you know, Francis Collins, it's much worse than that.
If we are going to hand our children over to social media and to privatize social media and Elon Musk and whoever else you want to list, it is a much, much more dangerous and much steeper cliff.
And we have, I really think it's important that we become aware of it.
for people like Nathan's daughters, for my sons and my daughter.
We cannot allow this to happen, okay?
We can't.
And so that's what the shell game really is.
I think they're going to start and take and substitute a bunch of people in for other people.
And there's new blood going to come on the scene very soon.
We've already seen lots of examples of this with this Julian Michaels and this other lady who used to sing for Celine Dion, but then she got her first podcast with Redfield.
And there's countless other examples.
Even Jimmy Dore may have been absorbed and given a list and said, hey, man, you're going to succeed.
You're going to be one of the big dudes.
You're going to be bigger than Tucker Carlson if you stay away from Jonathan Cooley and you stay away from his ideas.
It's going to be fine.
Don't interview him, and it's going to be good.
I saw Jimmy Dore in person.
I met his woman.
I met all those guys.
I gave him a book.
that had all the tabs were marked.
Everything was highlighted.
My name and number was in here with a little description and, you know, would love to talk to you in private before, you know, I just would really like to tell you what I know.
And he didn't get back to me.
And then actually I've heard
Another friend of mine who's actually been on his show a couple times, the second or third time he was on the show, actually also begged or recommended that they really get in touch with me.
And apparently the producers asked for my digits and whatever, and he provided them, but we still haven't heard anything, of course.
And so the big social media show is visible right now.
and the shell game that happens where, you know, oh, look who's on the guest of, of so-and-so right now.
Like it's, it's Alison Morrow is going to be on Dr. Drew, but Alison Morrow was like on the Vance Crowe podcast in 2020.
And she's one of the first people that interviewed Robert Malone and she has horses too.
And so you start to see these patterns that emerge that can only really be seen if you've been paying hyper attention for the last five years.
You're going to actually see all of these people who were put in place very early, who were present very early with specific questions and specific angles that they stuck to a little too sharply.
Even when they profess to be some kind of polymath, like Jessica Rose, who could probably do a lot more than VAERS, she stuck to VAERS for quite some time, as far as pandemic document.
And that I find very interesting.
I find it very interesting where we are right now.
We're in a very dangerous place, but also a very positive place with a lot of hope, as far as I'm concerned.
Because again, in 2024, I finally figured out how to shoot correctly on the basketball court.
And so there is a new channel on PeerTube that when I get about 20 episodes done, we're also gonna put on YouTube and it is called JC on the hardwood.
I have another episode that I'm editing.
Editing is hard work.
It takes a while.
And sometimes I don't have the hours to string together, but I'm gonna figure it out.
Don't worry.
um that's one of the reasons why we leave it um without cutting cutting a lot of things because i think it's nice that way and also because it makes it a little easier to edit but this one was a little longer so it's taking a little longer this one's only 10 minutes um anyway i'm really happy with this it motivates me a little bit more uh it's not that i don't like streaming but streaming is um to prep for it and to get ready and make sure that you
know what you want to say, sometimes with the same slides.
It's pretty important to be in the right mindset.
And if I don't have something to say, I don't want to stream.
On the other hand, I'm in the gym every day.
And so every day I can, anyway.
And then also with boys and 7B.
It fits in right now, and it's a nice way to explore things.
So I hope if you haven't seen it, you'll take a look.
Remember, social media is a little bit like this chair.
It feels really cool.
It's very responsive.
The sound is really three-dimensional.
You know, wherever you look, your eyes, you see good guys and bad guys.
But in reality, those people have been performing for us.
And every time I thought I figured it out, I didn't really have it figured out.
And so if I take another stab at this,
The limited spectrum of debate is defined by these guys riding around these bicycles.
We don't know how hard this trick is.
Okay, we definitely don't know how hard it is to ride up there with all those guys.
It might be very, very hard.
It also could be a trick that has to do with like a fixed throttle that they all have fixed so that they just hold it there and they know that they're gonna be fine.
I don't know if that would work or not, but it doesn't matter.
The point is, is that they've rehearsed this.
And if somebody told you that they were just spontaneously doing it, you would never believe them.
but on social media and with the narrative of the pandemic, it would be much harder for you to see what they're doing, that they're actually have to be performing together, that they must have practiced this, that there must have been a script, otherwise this would never work.
And so if they said, okay, when we open the door, you pull in your motorcycle and you ride around in a circle at the bottom, you could do that.
And you would have no idea
how hard it was up there.
And when they come out and you come out, you might all get to put your hands up, but they're only going to interview the dudes that went around at the top.
And those are the guys that they're going to ask and treat as the experts.
And I think a lot of times on social media, the most, let's say the most
The accounts that are most targeted, you could essentially see as being those guys at the bottom of the wheel that are allowed to participate and feel like they're doing something.
But in reality, all they got to do is just barely do anything compared to what those guys at the center of the sphere are doing.
And that's important to see because that's what a lot of these people are doing.
The Robert Malone's and the Steve Kirsch and the, these people are all doing a performance at the top of the sphere.
They're staying very close, but yet very far away from each other.
They're pretending to understand each other's points and then oppose them.
And they're saying things like ivermectin, and they're saying things like, oh, I took it for long COVID.
And when everybody comes out of the sphere, nobody's gonna ask you, and nobody's gonna ask Toby Rogers or any of these people on the bottom of the sphere, how was that?
That was crazy, man.
Not the last person in these three guys, nobody cares what they do.
Anybody could be those three guys on the bottom.
But the point is, in a book like this, if the book was already written, and the book was already made, and the book was already needed to be there, that we need a book about a lab leak, and we need people to feel like they're experts and part of this book, then I worked for him for almost two years.
And during that whole time, I was not where I am now, where I think that, you know, RNA cannot pandemic might be one of the better ideas I've had in my lifetime.
And one of the most important ideas that I've had in my lifetime in the sense of, you know, I wish someone else would have said this earlier.
Don't let them make you feel, if you have, feel like you're part of something that you're not.
That's really what social media does.
It makes you feel like you're part of this lively debate and that people are hearing you and listening to you, when in reality it might just be the guy over there that runs hundreds of anonymous accounts that hears you.
and makes you feel heard.
And he is working with people like Robert Malone or Jessica Rose or Jessica Hockett, or maybe even Jessica Hockett is one of those people who pretends to be other people on the internet to create an illusion of consensus around her silly ideas.
She has been harping on fraud, fraud, fraud, but not murder, just fraud for the entire time since she broke it off with Mark and I.
since she broke it off with Mark and I after we presented to Senator Ron Johnson's staff and she presented for almost 40 minutes straight.
I mean, it's a performance.
It is a motorcycle show where you're allowed to start a bike, you're allowed to ride in the circle too, but when they come out of the sphere, they ignore you.
The media will ignore you.
The algorithm will ignore you.
They will never promote you.
And that's exactly what has happened so many times to people like Mark or Joe or even Scott and myself, for sure myself.
But they've wanted me, desperately wanted me to be part of their show, to fit in, to not be able to see through them.
But if you don't see through them, then you will feel like part of the show.
And that's why I use this.
And I have this, you know, Dune soundtrack in the back because it is really that bad.
Instead of having television and media and some articles being controlled or the tint on a headline being controlled, we're talking about turning over our
our entire consciousness to social media at some point, where all the information we get is from scrolling.
This is a disaster.
This is digital slavery for sure.
And now, of course, you see from the same place where they locked down
to avoid the crisis that was happening in America, these same people who gave up their guns a few years ago, whenever that was, and these same people are now starting to institute laws that say that social media companies are obliged to verify the age of people and to keep kids off the internet or keep kids off of social media.
And that's all well and good, but of course we know that this is going to be a slippery slope to digital ID for social media and for the internet.
And if they do that, then they will be one step closer to their digital enslavement.
So that's where we're going.
And you can see it as a coordinated plan and we can think our way out of it, but we're gonna need to think our way out of it by seeing it for what it is.
It's a multi-generational theater
is a multi-generational script where predictions about biology were made and then discoveries were claimed to have fit those predictions.
And we are in very dire straits because we don't have very many people who can really express this in a way where college kids could realize it.
where maybe a high school senior could realize it, where maybe a high school teacher could realize it, that these illusions of what public health is, about what disease is, and about what doctors used to do or should do, it's got to go away.
We've got to get out of this idea that allergies and diabetes and chronic disease is just a matter of, just a fact of life.
This is impossible.
And we need high school biology teachers to teach this so that their kids understand that the solutions will be found when they understand the cause.
And we've got to break this bad biology 101, this evolution because of DNA.
I think I have a lifetime of work here, and I'm not the first person to find this.
I'm definitely going to be in search of as many fellow scientists as possible that understand this, especially people who have been crusading for it for much longer than me, when I was still fully invested in this idea that evolution because DNA is real.
I really like the idea of life being a pattern integrity with a trajectory across time.
I really like the idea that the Human Genome Project was a gross exaggeration.
And I love the idea that Kevin McKernan told us that on the Danny Jones podcast last week.
I really like this idea that we can talk about the biology and they just will ignore it.
The biology like, you know, intramuscular injection is the single worst way to be exposed to a toxin.
So let's just think about that for a while and make sure that we realize that everybody that ignores this point is ignoring it because they have to at this stage.
That's the same reason why they would ignore our points about the new Biology 101.
They're ignoring it because if they don't ignore it, then they won't be able to sustain what they have sustained for the last five years.
Team Robert Malone, Team Immunomythology, Team Tony Fauci, Team NIH, Team Human Genome Project,
has absolutely positively sustained the illusion that vaccines are the most important medical advance of the 20th century.
Bret Weinstein and his wife said it no less than probably 20 times in the first three years of the pandemic.
It is just absurd.
And they said it already this year again.
They have sustained this illusion and hammered home the idea that smallpox and measles and even anthrax can, were, or will be prevented or alleviated by vaccines.
Cancer was going to be cured by vaccines because they had found cancer viruses.
And the guy who does this right is Mark Kulak.
Vaccines contain unmentioned toxins called adjuvants.
So I've been keeping track of this.
It's crazy because Brett Weinstein and Pierre Corey and two other people have said in the last two weeks, something specific about the old vaccine schedule and adjuvants, which is extraordinary because again, you can feel it.
It is very similar to the double-stranded DNA contamination in the transfections that they will just still call vaccines.
to say that the old vaccines contain toxic adjuvants that are designed to irritate your immune system is almost to absolve the idea, you know, just, well, these are ham-fisted things.
This is the best we could do at the time.
But now we've got very much better ways of provoking the immune system.
And this was a master stroke that I said was going to happen in 2021.
I've done streams about this in 2021, that they were gonna do a bait and switch and tell you that the old vaccine schedule is bad.
These are much better.
And if we wouldn't have rushed them, they would have been perfect.
And that has been one of my oldest messages.
It's extraordinary.
I've been saying that since the Nature paper came out about the, with the parallel timeline for mRNA and for lipids.
Holy cow.
And so vaccines are untested is another one of these things that people like Aaron Seery and others are going to hammer on for the next couple of years.
But I assure you.
this isn't the problem, this isn't the way to go.
We don't need tested vaccines because the biology of vaccines, especially intramuscular ones, is dumb.
And now, I'm probably going to remember to mention this later, but I've had a couple interactions recently with a couple people who have much greater reach than I do and are doing much better with their
podcast support than I am, who say that they don't really give a shit about my idea that intramuscular injection might be just a really dumb way of giving medicine, period.
That they don't care what kind of way a vaccine is given.
They don't like any vaccine, and this intramuscular injection argument is dumb.
So, the guy who said that, of course, is the guy who probably leaked the idea to Nick Hudson, who started saying it.
And the guy from Panda is Nick Hudson, right?
The guy who supposedly is always in a big fight with Jiki and the guy who protects Claire Craig of Heart as if she's a good person, even though she was sequencing people before the pandemic and says that she is a AI optimist for
for disease research and collaborated with Kevin McKernan on the original Corman-Joriston report in 2020, where they kind of objected to the PCR, but not really, as long as they did it my way and not the WHO's way, then PCR is great.
So I think it's important to see that all of these people are still prominent, still rising, still have a voice.
And them having voices, them protecting one another is all the same NATO, State Department, DITRA.
I don't know what they are.
I don't know who they work for.
Maybe they work for Israeli Pharma.
I don't know.
but I know that billions of dollars are at stake.
I know that potentially trillions of dollars of intellectual property are at stake if these people aren't able to keep transfection and transformation gene therapy.
And that's why they have to keep using the word vaccine.
And they need to keep saying untested because that's where some of the money's gonna come from.
That's where some of the spending's gonna come from.
That's where some of the longer clock is gonna be coming from.
The longer running out the clock, the new vaccines are also untested.
But they are of course proven by the pandemic, right?
So they're better tested than the old vaccines.
That's the crazy part that could be done by a Trump administration.
hyping the warp speed.
It could be done by even Bobby Kennedy himself and just say, well, you know, the old vaccine really wasn't tested.
It was crap.
And Aaron Seery's right.
A lot of them weren't really against real controls.
You know, Paul Offit says that you can use the old vaccine as the control, but we say no, because that's silly.
And Paul Offit says it's great because, you know, you can't not give them a vaccine because then that would be unethical.
And so it's the same
hits the same hamster wheel that it's been since Mary Holland was on the Democracy Now program in 2015.
When Paul Offit was on the other side of her and Rand Paul was presented as one of the few guys in Congress who got it and we're still here.
But now with the new technology that's derivative of the Human Genome Project.
The new technology that's derivative of our ability to produce synthetic DNA and RNA.
The new technology that's not actually new technology at all, but is based on very old and well understood technologies called transformation and transfection.
And so be very, very skeptical of anybody who says that the FDA is corrupt and so burn it all down.
Be very skeptical of anybody who is saying that in 2020 and is still saying it now, like Kevin McKernan.
because the FDA does do some pretty important things by making sure that what's on the label is what's in the bottle and by making sure that what's in the bottle is safe and effective.
And in fact, that is exactly the mandate that they have, safe and effective products.
And so it's interesting that those are the two terms that were used over and over and over and over and over again.
It seems like Tony Fauci knew the importance of the FDA as much as maybe even Kevin McKernan knows the importance of FDA.
And so if you can't show it's both safe and effective for people, you know, like you wouldn't be able to show for a personalized medicine or a personalized marijuana, then maybe the best thing to do would be get rid of that pesky FDA.
And by doing that, of course, you can go to the food and you can go to the water, which is actually EPA.
And you can spread it all around and you can make it really simple to have the excuse to take all these agencies out.
And I saw a very clever comment in the chat of another stream by Kim Traveler, who actually said, interestingly, wouldn't it be really weird if
if like, for example, a UN agency replaced them?
Wouldn't it be crazy if we got rid of the FDA and then instead, I don't know, maybe a UN agency could help us with food and drug certification or something like that.
Now, I'm not saying that's in the plan, not saying it's happening, but I'm saying that Kim Traveller is right.
I think we've got to ask ourselves the question, if we get rid of the FDA, what do we lose and what are we going to replace it with?
Because getting rid of the corruption is one thing, but the FDA does a lot of very important stuff.
And so does the EPA.
So we're going to have to figure this out in
We're gonna have to be pretty clever about this.
And don't forget, these people are also the ones that are still all about the novel virus.
Epigirl, a.k.a.
Jessica Rose, was on Bret Weinstein less than a week ago, talking very specifically about the existence of a molecule, of the spike protein.
So this illusion of consensus is very, very clever.
There are no RNA viruses.
There are also no clones, man.
Clones is a dumb idea, say these people.
When Jessica Rose first heard the story and did a stream with me and Kevin McKernan, she said it kept her up at night.
She wanted me to do the slide with the mixtape.
Kevin McKernan brought up the protein XON.
Dunked on himself.
That was on
on St.
Patrick's Day of 2023, and it's still on Rumble.
And we had Stephanie Seneff there too, and John Baldwin.
And so really it was like a very good swath of the Steve Kerr steering committee.
you know, another place where an illusion of consensus can be created by bringing somebody into a place like that and surrounding them by four or five people that they respect and have always wanted the attention of.
And then when you're sitting in a Zoom meeting with Steve Kirsch and Kevin McKernan and John Bodwin and Matt Crawford and Jessica Rose, it sure feels humbling, you know, to just be there and think that these people want you to be at that table.
Boy, you can sure be grateful for that.
That's how they did it.
I think that's how they're doing it with Robert F. Kennedy Jr., maybe even for a very long time, maybe even right after Laura Bono contacted him and convinced him to take on this vaccine schedule, they already had to engage in it.
And that's why Meryl Nass was involved very early.
That's why Mary Holland was involved very early, because they were already busy with it.
Meryl Nass was already busy with it, with the anthrax vaccine in congressional testimony and phone in opposite Robert Malone himself.
Is that 2011?
I don't know.
You have to see Vilma Bettencourt's sub stack.
She's got all those details.
All I know is that all these people have been meddling in this area of public health for too long not to know that intramuscular injection of most things is probably dumb, especially for a healthy person.
But they know, they have to know.
And if they don't know, then they are just, it's just, it makes it that much worse in a way.
They should be ashamed of themselves and also just sad.
It's just sad.
That whole blue space right there, basically from April, 2022 to the end of 2023, I've been working for CHD and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Almost two full years of the pandemic.
And by the end of, the middle of 2023, like October or so, I was able to say almost everything that I'm saying right now, that RNA cannot pandemic, that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb, and that transfection of healthy humans was always criminal.
I hadn't realized that it was also, you know, that meant it also was intellectually, intellectual property was valueless.
And that might be one of the reasons why they would need somebody like this around or they would need somebody like Robert Malone behind the scenes coordinating this on social media.
You might need that.
And that might explain why Meryl Nass and Robert Malone are such long colleagues.
We know from this video and ones like it that it was likely a NATO-organized or a NATO-coordinated response.
In the Netherlands, we have this health minister admitting that she had to do things because NATO required her to do them.
And so it's possible that even America and the bureaucracy was being pushed forward and moved forward behind the scenes by that force.
And maybe because America might be in control of that, but then America has to do what they want all the other people to do.
And so again, this makes it more understandable.
I don't know how South Africa fits into this, but I know for sure that South Africa is also kind of a player in this because of just how they sit in relation to the other countries of the English-speaking world.
So I think that this was kind of a, let's say, if I go back here, it was a demonstration of global control, global opinion control, and how social media might be able to do that.
I think that's what maybe even Thiel and Musk are demonstrating to the oligarchy of the world right now, the banking elite or whoever these people are, I don't know, the Rothschilds, whatever you name them.
Maybe they're already trying to demonstrate their worth, the idea that they can be a supernational governance organ.
And that could be very different than the typical thing where you have to control the Congress and you have to negotiate with the president.
If you can control global opinion,
and you can fuel global narratives, it could be possible that this could be a new and most important way of governing the masses.
And I think that the best thing that I can characterize Jessica Rose as is if you go to the SPARS exercise document, the actual PDF,
of the spars pandemic and you go to like page 48 and read about epi girl epi girl is a Hypothetical person on the internet that speaks out about people being injured by the shot and three years into this hypothetical Scenario epi girl is kind of vindicated because people start to get sick People are injured by the shot
And I really believe with my whole heart that Epigirl is personified in Jessica Rose, especially because you can see that she never objects to the presence of the novel virus.
She's, of course, never going to object to the idea that RNA can do things that it can't do.
And she's definitely never going to object to the idea that PCR can be used to find it.
And after all of these years, she still hasn't managed to do any of those things.
Because again, she is in place very specifically to ignore how the fear, uncertainty, and doubt was generated, but instead focus on the imperfect countermeasures
and the narrative around them so that their IP is preserved, their intellectual property is preserved.
And so that's why she won't talk about RNA not being able to pandemic, and none of these people, even Matt Crawford won't touch the idea that DNA versus RNA, there's a biological difference between them, and the differences could just be listed by any high school biologist.
and high school biology teacher just lists the reasons why double-stranded DNA is better than single-stranded RNA as genetic code, just hypothetically with a cartoon.
And you can't get around that problem.
The second thing is that there are all kinds of consequences to DNA as the
you know, evolution because DNA.
We understand things about telomeres that Brett Weinstein can tell us all about telomeres, but why doesn't an RNA need any telomeres?
Why are there no hayflick limits on RNA viruses when there are hayflick limits on cell lines that use DNA?
The RNA replication problem is many fold.
The RNA replication problem has to do with getting full genomes out.
It has to do with getting full genomes with minimum errors out.
It has to do with why it is that when they do physical experiments with either clones or natural found whatever these RNAs are, they cannot get RNA to replicate in the way that the cartoon means it to replicate.
with full genomes being packaged and sent out.
It doesn't happen that way, so that's already a problem.
What limited data we have says it's something else.
So infectious clone is the other problem that none of these people will address.
Jessica Rhodes could address it.
Kevin McCarran could address it.
Kevin McKernan could address it.
An infectious clone is a pure DNA or RNA that is produced from a model sequence.
And the purity of that DNA or the purity of that RNA, whatever the scientist chooses to make, that purity is unattainable, unproducible.
It's not present in nature.
You need certain, supposedly the story goes that you need certain centrifuges that we all know who's got them.
And only with those magic centrifuges can you make uranium pure enough
or plutonium pure enough or whatever they're using to make these bombs, pure enough to make big bombs, to make big nuclear bombs.
There's no, you can't go mining for it.
You can't make a big enough pile.
You specifically have to have not only the uranium, but also the technology to compress it and spin it and purify it to get it to be at the stage where it can be weaponized into a nuclear bomb.
And what I'm suggesting to you is, is that there's nothing in nature that can even approach a nuclear bomb, right?
Nothing, nothing.
You can mix all the things you want that you can find in your backyard, or in the rarest mines of Africa, combined with the rarest mines in Asia, combined with the stuff you find on the moon, and you're never gonna get something that's gonna do what they tell us nuclear bombs can do.
And there is nothing in nature
that is going to go around the earth for five years and continue to go around the earth in perpetuity from a mud puddle to being what they call endemic.
That's not possible.
It's also not possible for them to make enough and spray enough for it to be the equivalent of endemic.
And so there is a huge problem with virology and specifically RNA virology.
And it has to do with the biology of DNA.
It has to do with the fact that evolution because DNA, we're all excited about the human genome project because of DNA.
And yet somehow or another, we are being led to believe that the strains of this virus have swept the earth like a color pattern
And somewhere in 2021 or the beginning of 2022, the variant called Omicron swept the earth.
And it had all these things that were different from the previous one, but none of these people who were interested in the spike protein care about that.
The point is, again, RNA can't do that.
RNA can't do what they're saying that it's doing.
And I think for America, there is a very easy way out.
The New Biology 101, of course, about pattern integrities.
The idea of being able to say it as succinctly as possible, using intramuscular injection to administer medicine to healthy people is wrong.
How's that sound?
Using intramuscular injection to administer medicine to healthy people is wrong.
And in America, this should mean something to a lot of lawyers.
And I think it would have meant something to my late friend, Nathan.
The government should be held to strict scrutiny when depriving citizens of fundamental rights.
I wonder what Aaron Seery would say about that.
And how would we hold the government to strict scrutiny?
What could we do to do that, Aaron?
So another way to see it would be RNA cannot pandemic using intramuscular injection to administer medicine to healthy people is wrong and the Human Genome Project has just begun.
They are converting our children and our grandchildren to experimental animals.
They created a remnant stream with all of these PCR tests and the remnant stream isn't going away even if it got more specific.
And the remnants from our hospitals that include foreskin and the placentas from both regular births and cesarean, much more valuable.
These things are all real.
And you can't do human biology experiments on mice.
You can't do human biology experiments on monkeys anymore.
The only way forward is humans on humans.
That's the reality.
Now, what I find the worst here is what passes for
intelligent debate in regular mainstream America now.
So it's hard for me sometimes to, I have to constantly remind myself that unless I try to stay in touch with mainstream America, I'm not really in touch with mainstream America anymore because I'm so disconnected from seeing it as good and seeing it as just going on, functioning as a continuous connection all the way back to happy days.
because that's not the case.
And if it is, it's a false connection, one that I have only recently begun to understand.
And so I just wanted to show a few examples of the shell game that's being played in the sense of what's the most important question to ask now.
I thought I'd write a few of these questions down just to see where we're at and how bad it is.
So here we are in 2024.
Don't forget, there is a new channel on the PeerTube called JC on the Hardwood.
What we're looking at here is normal TV.
So that lady, I think, is the one who supposedly leaked the questions to Hillary.
You know, the host of this show hates children.
And Neil deGrasse Tyson is just he's abysmal.
And
And even as he tells everybody to stay in their intellectual lane, he was very happy to push the vaccines, to push the vaccine schedule.
He's as hardcore Provax as the Weinsteins are as, as Paul Offit is.
Now they're all pointing at each other and yeah, yeah, yeah.
And yeah, yeah, yeah.
Your skin color's the same as mine.
That's cool.
Um, and, and so listen to some of the questions that they think are important.
Oops.
listen to some of the questions they think are important.
Okay here are the questions.
First one is for you.
How serious are asteroid collision threats?
Are we adequately prepared for a catastrophe if the earth is hit?
No.
So if one hits and it destroys the entire population of the world, that would be bad.
And so you have to ask if there's any risk of that in the next thousand years?
Now we can laugh about Neil deGrasse Tyson, but we could also cue up Brett Weinstein, and Brett Weinstein will tell you why.
Well, meteors might not be the thing, but boy, solar storms, now that's something.
And not only that, but pole shift could really be something where, you know, there's this knob and it's spinning around in space, and then it suddenly flips over and spins the other way.
And this is evidence that the earth could do that too.
And if it does it, boy, will we be screwed.
It's true.
I think if a sizable meteor hit the Pacific Ocean, I think most of us would be dead.
That's probably true.
I don't know, but it makes sense to me.
I think a huge solar flare could have big impact on at least half of the Earth and all the electronics on that side.
But again, these are all hypotheticals that just like a gain-of-function lab leak, that if it wasn't this one, it might be the next one, are all hypotheticals that occupy space in your consciousness.
They could otherwise be occupied by peaceful thoughts, thoughts of love, thoughts of friendship.
And yet we are being urged to ask ridiculous questions.
Now we'll be urged to ask some more ridiculous questions, I'm sure.
It seems to me it's worth a little bit of insurance money to put in there to create a mission to deflect it.
And it's not what Bruce Willis did.
In America, we're good at blowing stuff up, and we're less good at knowing where the pieces go.
So you want to deflect it.
How do you do that?
We have 20 ways that we... Name one.
Name one.
You go up to it and nudge it.
What do you mean, you go up to it?
Well, robots.
Not you, but spaceships.
Elon Musk says that there will be more robots than people someday.
That little bit of vector you give it will accumulate so they can miss Earth completely.
That's why early detection, like with cancer.
So it's interesting that he makes this argument about early detection of a meteor so that you can deflect it only a little bit.
And because if it's far enough away, when you deflect it only a little bit, then by the time it gets to you, it'll be way off course.
Because that's the same argument that I would make why the whole idea of intramuscular injection of a child on his birthday or her birthday with a hepatitis B vaccine is absurd.
The whole idea of injecting a baby before six months with say 12 or 14 combinations of substances with the intent of augmenting that healthy immune system is absurd.
Because a baby is a pattern integrity on potentially an 80 or 90 or 100 year long trajectory.
And so even a tiny nudge in the first six months of life could set that off a trajectory that by the time you get to adulthood, you're already pretty far off the set point.
And so I hope you can see how absurd it is that this pompous ass can be so condescending and so sure of himself when it comes to the trajectory of an asteroid, but has never thought of life as a pattern integrity with a trajectory through time that could be thought of the same way and perturbing that trajectory with arrogance about how much we know about the immune system and how much we know about the genome.
could have the potential to harm and cause untold suffering among generations of children in the West and around the world.
I mean, this is so easy because it is so absurd now.
Early detection of asteroids is what you need in order to make sure the future of Earth is safe.
Now unfortunately the terrifying thing is that people like James Lyons Weiler and and Judy Mikovits and and Claire Craig and Kevin McKernan
and Tony Fauci and Francis Collins and Mark Lander and all of these people believe that actually what we need to do is test the genetics of these kids so that we can make vaccines that are personalized to them.
There was even a guy on Jay Bhattacharya's webcast not even a half a year ago, some guy with a French accent who explained this very thing that old vaccines aren't really that good because they probably should be designed
specifically for that person's immune system which would require us to know the sequence of everyone's immune system or everyone's immune HLA receptor or maybe just their whole genome because it's convenient.
It's all the same show with all the same avenues that all lead to the same place where the FDA sucks and
The old stuff isn't as good as the new stuff.
And since we tested it all for the pandemic anyway, and since it's all just the same stuff, sugars and lipids and, you know, MRNA, we all got that.
the head of the Space Force, and I said, if you're going to defend us or the Earth, let's include defending us against asteroid strikes.
I'm trying to make sure it's on their radar.
And were they receptive to that suggestion?
Yes, it was General Raymond at the beginning of the Space Force.
Space Force?
Wow.
I have one in their jacket.
I don't feel like I should wear it because I'm not in it, but I do.
Donna, are we more likely to see a conservative female president before a liberal one?
That's an interesting question.
I think we'll see a Democrat.
We've had three.
We've had Geraldine Ferraro as a nominee, Hillary Clinton as a nominee, Kamala Harris as a nominee.
We will have a Democratic female president in my lifetime.
And the astronaut will not hit her.
She will deflect it.
And with her superpowers, things will be OK.
Can I make one suggestion?
What?
Not a vice president named Tim.
Enough with a lady and a Tim.
Remember Tim Kaine?
It's interesting how many global women leaders have come from the right.
Britain's now had three conservative female prime ministers before it had a single Labour one.
The current conservative leader is a young black woman called Kemi Batt.
So it's interesting that the conclusion of consensus being created by this clown show is that the color of the skin or the presence or absence of certain genitalia is actually more important than the actual ideas that a leader has.
The actual track record of integrity that they've shown, their patriotism, their evidence of community service has nothing to do with that.
It has only to do with their skin color and the presence of what genitalia they have.
That's it.
Or what they declare themselves.
This is just, it's absurd theater that has entrapped our nation and our culture.
Now that's pretty amazing, I think.
And it's lovely that no one really makes a big deal out of it.
Look at Merkel as a Christian Democrat.
Indira Gandhi.
Golda Meir.
These are hard-ass women.
Hard-ass women.
And there's something about that Iron Lady kind of, I'm going to go to war with the whole feminine shtick, that's kind of really potent in the human psyche.
Well, I think people think that a woman leader has to kind of overcompensate a little towards strength.
And people are drawn to strength.
Look at Clowney, you know?
I mean, Trump.
Oh, sorry.
His name is Clowney?
I mean, really?
This is where we're at in America.
This is what passes for even comedic discourse.
You left out Shirley Chisholm.
She wasn't a nominee, but she ran for president.
She ran for president.
And Mexico just elected a female president.
We've had female presidents in Africa.
It's time, folks.
We know how to lead.
We can build a future.
Mexico elected a Jewish female president, as I understand it, which is an interesting thing to leave out.
Some people might even say that part is more important, you know, because skin color and ethnicity is important at this table.
That's why she made the special, you know, hand signal over the way to her friend, the physicist.
And for no other reason than they have the same skin color.
It's not like they grew up in the same hometown or they know the same gangs or they were in the same ghetto.
That's the illusion of consensus that they want us to buy into.
I'm sorry, but I've got more in common with somebody that grew up in a small rural town of anywhere America than I do with anybody that grew up in a city.
I got more in common with anybody that rode a school bus for 45 minutes on quiet country roads from one high school to another to play football and basketball than I do with somebody who went to a school with 10,000 students and rode in a fancy tour bus to local high school games.
But one thing for sure I know I have in common with most of the people that matter to me is that I have kids in America.
I have kids, I have life in America.
I have a tie to America.
I believe that America is one of the last places where there is some hope, where the laws could protect us if they were used correctly.
If the laws were enforced correctly, if the lawyers argued correctly, we could still manage to win over
in America.
That's why I believe it's so important for us to rip away our children and our college kids and our young adults from this illusion.
And it is a gross, awful illusion that now is more visible than ever because of the fact that it's actually, it's a vying for control here.
Social media has an as yet unreported level of control over us.
It's hard to estimate it because we all scroll.
Not all of us, a fraction of us watch this show.
A fraction of us watch the $25,000 a year Rachel Maddow show.
A very small fraction of old people watch PBS NewsHour, but millions of people watch YouTube and YouTube influencers and YouTube channels.
And if you look at the whole block together,
then you can see that if you had a weaponized pile of money, you would spend it very frugally on social media influencers and control their message and control their hamster wheels.
And the most absurd sort of state narrative would only be present on these kinds of channels.
Only the most absurd acceptance of what is the total theater would be on these kinds of channels.
And then the dissidents on social media would question certain aspects of this main performance, but not all of it.
And it would be a very vigorous questioning of Bill Maher, a very vigorous questioning of Neil deGrasse Tyson.
but it would get us nowhere because that's what they're there for now.
That's the pivot that we're making now is a pivot to believing that the videos on social media, you know, like the free press here where Barry Weiss is being interviewing Peter Thiel and then the intellectual dark web OG Rubin reports on it.
So this is a report done by Rubin on the Rubin report.
Intellectual dark web the the Joe Rogan and and the Weinstein brothers sitting at the original table with Peterson to This guy is now reporting about Barry Weiss interviewing Peter Thiel.
Now, that's pretty extraordinary Peter Thiel Palantir, you know Thiel capital absol era that guy
Elon Musk's good friend through PayPal, Elon Musk has got CureVac and all this other stuff.
They're all invested in these countermeasures.
And he is on the free press with Barry Weiss.
Barry Weiss is a child who has demonstrated time and time again that she is a child.
She's probably just an undeclared foreign agent.
And somebody has been telling her for a very long time that she's smart and important.
And that's why she acts like this.
And if Peter Thiel comes on your podcast and sits with you in the same room, I guess you must feel pretty important.
Now don't forget, right?
Peter Thiel and Elon Musk are most likely the people that are funding Team Robert Malone.
Team Robert Malone is still present over there in Australia in the form of that guy.
And that guy, of course, acts like an idiot when he's on American media.
But when he's on Australian media, he's a very serious political commentator.
He's got a lot of important things to say.
I'm a very smart guy, even though I'm standing on a table in a Robert Malone video making fun of the pandemic.
Several videos.
And so now we're supposed to believe, and that's the crazy part, is we're supposed to believe that this is a real person here.
This is a real person, and we're supposed to take her very seriously.
Listen to how seriously we're supposed to take her.
My name is Morgan Cooper, and I am one of the Changemakers GA co-chairs.
The Changemakers Fellowship is a six-week intensive learning experience designed to help young professionals bridge the early gaps between school and work and the entry to the next position.
I am so honored to introduce Barry Weiss today so that we can all hear her timely and inspiring message.
But first, I want to recognize how incredible it is to be here with so many inspiring leaders.
Over 100 young Jewish adults, ages 20 to 30, have traveled here for this year's General Assembly.
We come from 27 states, three Canadian provinces, and right here in D.C.
In total, we represent 54 federation communities, with having 2,500 changemakers go through the session over the last several years.
That's annoying.
I wanted to be able to get on that.
Hello, everyone.
My name is Morgan Cooper.
Maybe I have to send this to the back.
Hold on one second.
I have to bring that to the front probably so I can control it.
Ah, come on.
Hello, everyone.
Don't crap out on me now.
My name is Morgan Cooper, and I am one of the Changemakers GA co-chairs.
The Changemakers Fellowship is to present 54 Federation communities.
I'm going to fast forward a little bit.
Challenge prevails.
Here we go.
When did you know?
Looking back, now that we're on the far side, I wonder, when did you realize that things had changed?
When did you know that the things we had taken for granted were suddenly out of reach?
That the norms that felt as certain as gravity had disappeared?
That the institutions that had launched our grandparents in this country had turned hostile to our children?
When did you notice that what had once been steady was now shaky ground?
Did you look down to see if your own knees were the ones that were trembling?
When did you realize that we were not immune from history, but living directly inside of it?
When did you see that our world was actually the world of yesterday?
and that a new one, one with far fewer certainties, one where everything is up for grabs, was already coming into being.
Maybe it was September 11, 2001, when Islamist terrorists murdered 3,000 Americans.
Maybe you noticed in the days afterward, as my friend Jonathan Rosen did, that an explosion of Jew hatred seemed to have ridden on the contrails of the airplanes that the jihadists had turned into weapons of mass destruction and aimed at the heart of American civilization.
Or maybe it was the Second Intifada, in which everyday places, Mike's Place, Sbarro's, Cafe Moment, the Dolphinarium, became symbols for slaughterhouses, even as few of our would-be allies said their names.
Or maybe it was on February 1st, 2002, when Al-Qaeda beheaded the journalist Daniel Pearl in Pakistan, as he spoke his final words, I am a Jew, my mother is a Jew.
Or maybe it wasn't until the Shabbat morning of October 27th, 2018, when a neo-Nazi gunned down 11 Jews at Tree of Life in Pittsburgh while shouting, all Jews must die.
Or maybe it was the shooting six months later at the Chabad of Poway, because for Hannah Kaye, who witnessed the murder of her mother, Lori, on that day, it surely was.
Or maybe it was January of 2022 when a gunman held the congregants of Congregation Beth Israel in Colleyville, Texas, hostage.
Or maybe it was before.
Maybe it was the bombing of the AMIA Center in Buenos Aires, the terror attack at the Chabad of Mumbai, the school shooting in Toulouse, or the murder of Sarah Halimi, an older woman who was thrown out of her apartment window in Paris.
Maybe you don't remember, but French prosecutors decided to drop the murder charges against her killer, who had shouted, Allahu Akbar, because those prosecutors said that he had been smoking weed.
Maybe it was the rise of Jeremy Corbyn in England, or white supremacists marching through Charlottesville with their tiki torches.
Maybe it was the anti-Semites at the helm of the Women's March.
Or maybe it was the social consequences you suffered when you dared to notice them.
Maybe, as it was for so, so many, it was the morning of October 7th when Hamas terrorists came across the border into southern Israel on foot and on motorbike and by truck and by car and by paraglider to murder and maim anyone they could find.
Maybe it was the fact that they had come armed with maps that had been drawn by Palestinians with Israeli work permits who told them which home had children in it, who told them who owned a dog,
But maybe even that wasn't enough.
That was still over there.
It wasn't here.
Maybe it took until October 8th, when in Times Square, while terrorists were still roaming in Israel, people were cheering, exhilarated, jubilated at the news of Jewish death.
or perhaps it was the moral inversion in the days that followed, the Chicago chapter of Black Lives Matter using the symbol of a hand glider, a symbol of mass murder as a sign of liberation.
Or maybe it was when the heads of Harvard and Penn and MIT, who run schools that cater to the most minute of microaggressions, could not answer in the affirmative when they were asked if calling for the genocide of Jews qualified as bullying and harassment.
Or maybe it was the fact that professors and Broadway producers were the ones that were tearing down posters of women and children and babies held captive by Hamas.
Maybe it was after October 8th when you organized the march and none of the people who post about being allies showed up.
Maybe it was the physical attacks on Jewish students at Tulane, at the University of Pittsburgh, or at Dupal.
Maybe it was the school shootings in Toronto and Montreal.
Interesting.
That's interesting.
Two of the three of those, I think, are Catholic universities.
Isn't Duquesne and Dupal, aren't those both Catholic?
That's interesting.
And actually, Dupal is a Jesuit Catholic university.
Or maybe it was the now near daily assaults on the streets of Brooklyn against the most visible members of our community.
But maybe it was more subtle than that.
maybe it was the quiet purging of proud Jews, like the novelist Alyssa Albert, who refuses to be quiet about Israel, from the arts, from museum boards, from human rights groups, a cancer Jew, a mob that gathered outside of Michael Rappaport's show in Chicago, calling him thoughts and prayers from the city's mayor.
or maybe it took the events of this past week when Jews were hunted in the streets of Amsterdam.
Jews were hunted in the streets of Amsterdam is now very much not the real story.
It's interesting because you can find video evidence on the internet of a couple extreme football teams from Israel.
And actually you can find also a football team from the Netherlands that uses a lot of very pro-Jewish, anti-Israel, anti-Arab chants in their
Or do they, but I mean, this is normal in football, this extreme violent rhetoric and very normal in Israeli football.
And in fact, the behavior of the Israeli football players, sorry, football fans that came to Amsterdam was not one of visitors or people that were coming to a country to see their football team and represent them as proud sportsmen.
These are people who went around the city and wrecked things and threw poles on taxi cab drivers and police cars.
And so on the night of the game, the taxi cab drivers were ready and didn't help them and ran people down and did all kinds of crazy stuff.
But in light of the fact that these football hooligans were football hooligans and capable of extreme violence,
extreme racism and provocative song singing.
And yet she would like to believe that there was something, you know, like a pogrom that happened and that the Dutch denied it.
And it isn't a simple situation where I think one side is great and the other side isn't.
I think that the situation in the Netherlands is also very dire from their multicultural perspective.
It's not going well.
It's not going to get better.
But the idea that these Israeli fans coming to Amsterdam for a football game, think about that.
They flew in.
And they are, if any of them were local, then they were empowered by that team being there and the whole concept of that team.
And there's even a worse one that wears all yellow and black.
Where, I mean, these people are hardcore.
And so this is just a super disingenuous, ridiculous portrayal of issues and ideas that are not so certain and not so cut and dried.
And yet with the same ridiculous certainty, she portrays this recent history as though she knows it and understands it, even though there's a recent video of her looking like a jackass on the Joe Rogan podcast about Tulsi Gabbard.
where you can clearly see she's just a child, a naive, rich child with no meaningful life experience at all.
Now being told by people as diverse as an entire group of Jews, but also some gay billionaire Catholic that she's great and worth spending time with and talking to and considering her questions.
She's really smart, I wanna sit down with her.
Stop lying!
So this is where it really gets ugly though, ladies and gentlemen, because this illusion of consensus has been sustained by these people and some of these people are connected.
They have to be.
And I think the recent admissions that have happened around Robert Malone are really crucial to understand the full implications of, because potentially they have made some very, very crucial errors and the time for our attack has come.
They were put in place very early to control the narrative about the idea of endemicity, about the idea that a specially designed RNA, if leaked and got out on the wrong plane, we could essentially have that RNA in the background in perpetuity.
That's what endemicity means.
And all of these people have never questioned it.
I'm the only one who has any biological background at all and is questioning these ideas.
Not that there are no viruses.
That's not gonna get us anywhere.
That there are no clones.
That they don't do virology in the lab.
That's not gonna get us anywhere.
We need academics to question the foundations of these ideas.
And the foundations of these ideas are that an RNA can go endemic.
And there is no biology to support that.
And these same people that have supported this narrative about vaccines and adjuvants and liability and testing and FDA needs to be burnt down and the novel virus, these same people are also curating this idea of endemicity by not talking about 2020, by saying maybe it was in October of 2019.
And that's why it's Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone and not very many other people, because all of these people had to be there, were there from the beginning, and that's why they're still there now.
It's not because of an unblemished record of integrity.
It's not because they decided to throw everything away and fight for the truth.
It's because they were put in place.
It's because they were into virology and genomes and testing and HIV before the pandemic.
And that's true for Claire Craig and for Kevin McKernan and for Jessica Rose.
for Robert Malone and for Buckhalter and for all of them.
For Meryl Nass, she has been distracting and holding back people like Laura Bono and Brian Hooker and probably Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for years.
There's no biology to support the idea that an RNA can go endemic.
There's no biology to support the idea that an RNA can pandemic.
And the main reason why we know this is true is not because of the data we have, it's because of the data we don't have.
You can't tell the difference between a background signal that was always there and the bullshit that they're calling COVID if you don't have the tests from 2020, 21, and 22.
If you don't have the tests from the sequencing to see what they did, you don't have those samples, you don't have control over them, but DITRA does.
And that's why these same people that were put in place that agreed that there must be something novel, that it might be coming from a lab, also had all of these little seed inkling ideas about how the spike protein might be the problem.
The spike protein, not any of the other 31 viral proteins, but the spike protein, the same protein that they decided to make the transfection of.
And that would allow them to seed a narrative of expected outcomes to a new transfection product and confuse it with
the circulating virus that was probably just an illusion created by using a background that they first characterized.
And that's, again, why the same character was on my show.
The same character has been on Vance Crowe's podcast three times in 2020 and is still doing podcasts now with an ever-increasing frequency, with an ever-increasing coverage to ever-younger people because they want this narrative to take hold that cancer might have been caused by the transfection because it had SV40 in it.
It couldn't be because it screwed up your immune system.
It couldn't be because cancer would have been expected from transfecting healthy humans.
No, no, no, that couldn't be it.
It has to be the double-stranded DNA or some other magic component that they could get rid of.
And that's why I think the best name for them is Team Intellectual Property.
I think that GigaOM Biological and others, but not very many,
really only me, exposed the investigational vaccines as transfection and transformation in 2021.
And that was a big problem from the intellectual property perspective because you can't make a lot of patents about methodologies that have been tried, true, tested, and sold for the last 15 to 20 years.
So they had to have somebody in place.
And when the straw that broke the camel's back was probably when Byron Bridle came out with the FOIA documents from Japan and showed that the lipid nanoparticle doesn't stay at the injection site.
That was a real problem, so they put a subject matter expert on transfection and transformation named Robert Malone, surgically inserted him into the narrative and made sure that he got in front of the right people, but more importantly, was promoted by the right people, by Peter Thiel, Elon Musk, by Twitter, by Joe Rogan and Associates, the intellectual dark web, all put in place to do this exact play.
And it makes a lot of sense if you realize that Brett Weinstein's dad is an intellectual property lawyer and probably the most highly paid arbitrator of intellectual property in the biological and fat and space in the United States.
It would make sense if you realize that Eric Weinstein is the,
investment advisor for Teal Capital that invested in Absolera and a bunch of mRNA to begin with.
So they need people in place to make sure that nobody realizes that these are old tried and true technologies that were always inappropriate for healthy humans.
And that is the reason why they are there saying it's military this or military that because they need to propel a narrative that doesn't reveal the main grift.
which is they're just recycling old Human Genome Project technologies as new, trying to reset the patent clock and trying to put in place a bunch of people who can make sure that we never figure that out.
have to run out the clock because there was a population, there is a population pyramid problem that needs solving.
They have to run out the clock because we could still usefully figure out that they used murder and lies in 2020, amplified that around the Five Eyes and NATO nations and whoever else is cooperating with us to make
It looked like there was a crisis going on in America that was averted by the Japanese use of masks or the intense lockdowns in New Zealand.
And they're still pushing the lockdown idea now, five years later with the RSV numbers in New Zealand and how after they opened up the RSV also came back.
Stop lying.
So we have PCR and lateral flow as diagnostics in 2020 through 2022.
Most of those products were produced in China.
And most of those products, especially those in America, over 220 of them by 2022, where all the EUAs are revoked, they're gone.
A lot of those companies are out of business.
One of the companies that I was investigating as part of a case in California was started by a porn producer who used a,
a Chinese-sourced PCR test to a single amplicon to the N-protein and also as a positive control used a bacteriophage, M2 bacteriophage, expressing the same amplicon of the N-protein.
You can't make this stuff up.
These people understand that a military operation was used to create huge streams of medical remnants from these testings, huge streams of medical remnants weekly from college age kids around the United States.
And those remnants were sold.
Some of those colleges already had contracts to sell the remnants before the pandemic.
Understand, make no mistake about it.
The Human Genome Project needs human samples.
And it may be that we now have the right combination of computers and cheap synthetic DNA and cheap sequencing technologies and the right infrastructure to make this pivot.
So they are making this pivot and they're making this pivot because the population pyramid problem kind of makes it imperative that they do it now.
So that murder and lies that are necessary can be used and that they will make some sense and that the numbers won't hurt anybody, at least not anybody they care about.
And that's why Robert Malone has such a weird timeline that involves all kinds of crazy things right up until now, where he finally admitted by promoting that most likely the network of faceless, the network of Jicky Leaks, the network of rodents,
This is all just a network that is used to create delusions of consensus about the questions that we should ask and the dumb answers that these guys provide.
And interestingly, he promoted Kevin McCairn, a guy that I streamed with five times in March of 2020 at the start of the pandemic.
associated with Addy Adds and Paul Cottrell, good friends and co-workers of George Webb, who we know is a longtime meddler and hustler, who's interfered with Mark Kulak's work for more than five years now, since he quit at Dato Corp, actually, and tried to mislead him about who Peter Strzok was.
That was before the pandemic.
And so now we have Jiki Leaks trying to say that because we are working with George Webb or something like that, we have Jiki Leaks saying that Robert Malone isn't that bad.
He's a pretty good guy.
He's not as bad as you are.
We have Nick Hudson saying that intramuscular injection is dumb.
You guys should catch up.
But, you know, he only heard that because he got a copy of the Germ Warfare podcast and then said it on Twitter as if it was an idea that's been around for a while when it hasn't.
And so what you see is this little tight little network of Panda and Heart and FLCCC and the International COVID Summit and a lot of the infiltrators and saboteurs at CHD and at ICANN.
And you can see foreign meddlers like Kevin McCairn present in this narrative from the very beginning, connected all the way to Robert Malone via George Webb and all these other people.
And he was brought in probably specifically for me because he told me that he was a fellow neuroscientist and he worked with this guy named Stauffer, who I also worked with at the University of Pittsburgh.
So we had a kind of connection.
You should come on the stream with me.
It'll be great.
And then later on, it was me against him, or it was me and him against Paul Cottrell because Paul Cottrell was being a little crazy and selling silver supplements or something like that.
but we definitely had to work together to oppose the people who said there was no virus or the people who were saying that it was 5G.
That guy is connected directly to Robert Malone, is connected directly to Kevin McCarran, is connected directly to John Baudwin, is connected directly to all of these people.
And interestingly enough, his main shtick, his main shtick for the first two years was that the Jews are behind it.
The Jews are doing it to us.
It was racism, antisemitism, Jews, Jews, Jews.
It's the Jews.
And it still kind of is the Jews.
And if I'm taking any money in his thumbnails, it's from the Jews.
It's from the Pharisees or something like that.
And so interestingly enough, you could see it as a way of kind of making it seem ridiculous or associating himself with me makes it really hard for me to make any subtle connections here, even as an American, where we know that the American government is absolutely positively manipulated by these interests centered around Israel.
That we bleed money to Israel, that we give a lot of money to Israel that we probably shouldn't be giving to them.
that Israel might not even exist if it wasn't for America.
And that the American government and most of the people in it are highly influenced or even beholden to Israeli interests.
But to say that in 2020, you would have to agree with that guy.
To have even hypothesized about it in 2020, you'd have to agree with that guy.
That guy had me on his website for almost three years at the bottom, has for the biology go to Jonathan Cooey spelled wrong.
and go for the history, go to Mark Kulak.
And so what I think I see here is evidence that it was all one big show, and maybe I was a pretty big focus of it.
Maybe even I was brought into the Wuhan cover-up by Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Charles Rixey and they tried to make it seem as though Charles Rixey and I were going to be working together as a team with Jackie Hines and a few other people and we were going to contribute to the book.
And then somehow they scripted something where I would get mad because Kevin McCarron was in the background and then they would fire Rixey and then I would be forever against them and I would chase them around or something.
I don't know.
Maybe I would forget about them like I was told to and then I would just focus on the book and focus on my contributions to it, which is what I kind of did.
But this is five years now, ladies and gentlemen.
We're going on six.
five years that Kevin McCarran has been in my life, that Paul Cottrell has been in my life, that Charles Rixey has been in my life, that it's been almost, almost three years ago that he came to my house, the house that I lost,
and convinced me to stream about the diffuse proposal, convinced me that the diffuse proposal was real, convinced me that I was an important part of DRASTIC, that I was joining DRASTIC again with him because we're the American version of DRASTIC.
You can hear it in the stream.
I totally was thinking, I guess I just have to say this stuff.
And then Senator Ron Johnson and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
both told me that that was the stream that made, that Robert Malone made them sit down and watch.
And that was the reason why they called me and wanted me to be an advisor.
When I went to the Knoxville conference and the CHD inaugural conference, Rixey said three times that it was funny that Robert Malone didn't remember me, but I remembered him and invited him back to the ranch.
And Matt Crawford got into that conference because Merrill Nass got him in.
He didn't have to register.
And then actually him and his wife had dinner or lunch with Robert Malone and his wife and talked about all kinds of stuff, including the wellness company is bad.
Kirch later on actually offered for me to go to Japan and work with them.
to help them with their proposal so that he would have an excuse to fund it.
And I just thought it was absurd.
I was already done with Steve.
I was already done with the steering committee.
I already was convinced that Steve was a liar.
So it was really funny when Steve offered for me to go work or, you know, go to Tokyo and work.
I mean, it's just, it's crazy.
And so John Baldwin just two days ago or a week ago was on Shannon Joy and corrected her ahead of time by saying, not Kevin McCarran, but Kevin McKernan.
And I don't even know if she said McCarran or McKernan or just said it wrong.
But John Bodeman admitted that he knows both of them.
And of course, we've seen Life Science News and other places, they have their videos promoted together in places like Australia and the UK.
And so in places where Kevin McCarran is taken seriously, like on Bay John Health, for example, he gives very serious, you know, presentations, but on his streams, where he talks about me or about the Jews or about whatever else, he does three or four hours of absolute ridiculousness.
And so John Bodwin had to make clear with Shannon Joy that it's not Kevin McCairn we're talking about.
We're talking about Kevin McKernan, the great guy from the Human Genome Project who is out there now in front of everybody trying to make sure that we don't see through it.
And so Steve Kirsch's steering committee is now just a big joke because all of these people were in it.
And so for Kevin McKernan to go on a huge podcast of Danny Jones
and say that Charles Rixey was Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's advisor, the worst case scenario is that their plan is to just say that anyway.
And to ignore me when I say, hey, wait a minute, that's not what happened.
Jackie Hines fired Charles Rixey because he had a person in the hotel room that shouldn't have been when we were looking at the manuscript of the book that he had
non-disclosure agreement about.
So it's really weird because if that would be the play then that would suggest that some of these people at CHD that told me they were fired weren't fired but just told me they were fired so I would maybe shut up.
And so I'm still waiting for anybody to contact me and correct me on my biology.
I'm still waiting for anybody to contact me and correct me on these timeline problems.
I'm still waiting for somebody to correct me on this because if Kevin McCairn is pushing Charles Rixey as an advisor to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
when I have a history with Charles Rixey and him being an advisor,
to Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and it has to do with this book that actually exists, with acknowledgments that actually exist, and an index that actually exists, with quotes that actually exist, and none of those have anything to do with Rixey, it's very strange, because that would mean that Kevin McCarran, sorry, Kevin McKernan, is instructed to, and is lying about something with a
with intention.
If Rixey is going to be put in place as an advisor to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and the diffuse proposal guy, and that's still part of the plan that they have to stick to, you have to understand how important it is that this book exists then.
And all the quotes in it, and the Sina Bavari and Allison Totura paper that's in it.
and the statement about the diffuse proposal that's in it about my statement about the diffuse proposal.
Because they wouldn't even need a virus if they just leaked the proposal and pretended that that was evidence that all this shit works, that spraying stuff into vat caves could cause a pandemic if you just write a story about it and submit it to the right server and leak it in the right way.
Apparently, that's enough evidence for all of this biology to be believed, especially if you put it in a big red book.
And he also admits that the Human Genome Project was a gross exaggeration in the exact same interview, all so very curiously on point to what we're doing here at GigaOM Biological with regard to a new Biology 101.
He said it all in that podcast.
And all of it was an admission.
It's an admission because, again, they created this illusion of consensus.
These people, that's why I keep showing them, these actual people,
Nick Hudson plays with them.
Jessica Rose was a, was it's Epi girl.
And I don't know what they did at home, but I know that it was an international operation.
I know that NATO was involved, which means the state department might've been involved.
DITRA might've been involved.
FBI might've been involved at home.
I don't know.
But I know for sure that Elon Musk is part of it.
He's laughing about it.
I know that Tucker Carlson knows that he's a part of it.
It's governance by lies.
That's also why Kevin McCarran is on Locals.
And that's why Matt Crawford and Rounding the Earth are on Locals and why Matt Crawford wanted me so bad to sign up for Locals.
They probably can money launder through locals.
And so I could have been made to believe that I had followers and that I was having input or that I was getting, getting some making substantial traction there.
And then then Elon and Peter would have complete control over it.
Like they do Substack with Stripe.
So germ warfare is the latest, you know, way that I think I've been, that I've been meddled with.
I gave a very good presentation to him.
Um, he didn't really release it until he released a bunch of podcasts.
And the top release of that podcast day was, uh, Sasha Latipova, which is pretty lame.
Um, just saying that it's a military exercise, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Um, of course he's had all these meddlers on his show.
They, they, they actually have wine together regularly.
He told me he's a great friend of,
of Nick Hudson.
And so, it is not by accident that on the first podcast where I said intramuscular injection in general is pretty stupid, is when then Nick Hudson started saying that on Twitter.
And Nick Hudson is obviously a meddler and obviously cooperating with them.
And the main reason why anyone in PANDA, anyone in HEART, anyone at CHD should see, anyone at any of these doctors groups should see that PANDA is compromised
that Nick Hudson has compromised is to look at their selection of videos on Peter Thiel's Rumble channels.
Peter Thiel and Elon Musk and these people, they own Rumble.
Rumble is garbage.
Rumble advertises ivermectin all the time for every video.
Rumble is terrible.
And the Rumble channel for Panda is exclusively missing me.
And all the videos, it's crazy because I actually did three presentations for them.
Three very good, well-worked, well-received presentations.
All of them are missing.
All of them are gone because Nick Hudson and his organization are compromised.
Because Nick Hudson is cooperating with people like Jonathan Engler of Heart, like Claire Craig of Heart, who are cooperating with Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project at the Department of Energy and the United States government.
They are collaborating on the controlled demolition of America by traders and their foreign meddlers.
And that's why when you search for these people, you find them.
You find Matt Crawford with little tiny clips of him, for goodness sakes.
Meryl Nass.
I mean, even Jessica Hockett has her videos up.
This guy's got hundreds of videos up.
This super clown.
who says the bolus effect is for everybody or whatever.
It explains everything.
This guy who lives in Israel and doesn't talk about the Israeli crimes or anything, just talks about vitamin A and stuff.
I mean, even the, the, the Jamie Andrews guy who did the not so consequential control experiments for virology and showed that cell culture is kind of weak.
Well, yeah, no kidding.
Not me.
That's not disrespect that Mike Palmer of the Doctors for COVID Ethics lost my video and doesn't really care that he lost it.
Because he was also on stage with Sasha Latupova, Meryl Nass, and Robert Malone in Sweden at the beginning of 2023, because all of these people are part of the same network.
Epigirl is probably Jessica Rose, or Jessica Rose is the modern version of Epigirl, the tabletop optimized Epigirl.
And these people are protecting the intellectual property that's a lie.
They're protecting you from knowing and preventing you from knowing that transformation and transfection were never appropriate.
and they're protecting it with this mythology of a novel virus.
But the best way to teach your kids is to just say that intramuscular injection is the single worst way to be exposed to a toxin.
That's why nobody wants to get an injection.
Nobody wants to get bit by a spider or a snake.
And I think we could convince Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
to use this language.
If he's still a good guy, it should make sense to him.
It's pretty simple.
And I think it's really important to see how simple it is because opposing this in a legal fashion, there are a couple of different ways to do it.
There's a case from Idaho where actually opposing it because it's wrong on its face, because it doesn't make mechanistic sense, it's actually a legitimate way to oppose a vaccine mandate.
And so it would be a very legitimate way to
to oppose vaccine mandates and even the vaccine schedule in America in general if we started making an argument that using intramuscular injection to administer medicine to healthy people is biologically unsound.
It's mechanistically unsound.
It doesn't make sense.
And so we can object to it on its face.
And since the government is depriving citizens of fundamental rights by requiring them to take this kind of intervention, then we should hold them to strict scrutiny when they do it.
And that might include proving that intramuscular injection of this medicine is legit, you know, like the FDA is supposed to do.
I think if we start with big ideas and force them to answer these big ideas, we'll make much more progress.
So when these people talk about me or Mark, ask them big questions like, can you explain why he's wrong about RNA cannot pandemic?
Can you explain why he's wrong that intramuscular injection to administer medicine to healthy people is wrong?
Can you explain why the Human Genome Project was actually completed and it's not just starting?
Maybe you can try to get them to think about the population pyramid problem that I'm absolutely certain is a key to understanding what they've done.
There was a population problem right here with all these kids.
All these kids after the prosperity of World War II have now come to retirement age.
And this is not something that the American budget, Medicaid and Medicare and social security can sustain.
They needed a reason.
They needed a medical public health reason to accelerate these people's deaths.
What a convenient way to test transfection and transformation to see if we can optimize it.
What a wonderful way to manage them by permanently ushering in the state of global public health under the excuse and guise of an increase in all cause mortality that we knew was coming for two decades or three decades.
We knew it.
We knew this was going to increase all cause mortality.
We knew it was going to cost us a lot of money.
So we used it to our advantage and we even managed that problem.
A lot of Western nations actually manage that problem.
With the help of social media, they have managed to hide the murder and lies and disguise it as a mystery virus.
And the way that they are continuing to do it is by calling the COVID shots bad and not talking about 2020.
Not talking about the evidence of murder.
For example, in the Scottish care homes that has been diagrammed very well and documented very well by Biology Phenom, a sub stack that not very many people follow.
I'm gonna do this list one more time because I think it's really important to understand how succinct it actually is.
Number one, they won't talk about the actuarial,
which is the population pyramid and the genetic background, the RNA noise that could have been misconstrued as a novel pathogen.
And then more importantly, they are not talking about how pure oxygen can kill, which is probably one of the easiest ways they managed to do it.
They will never list and define the many ways that PCR is used extremely well in academia.
and how none of those techniques and optimizations were used in the COVID diagnostics.
Brett Weinstein won't talk about it, McKernan.
Rose, none of them.
They won't talk about it, and they've never talked about it.
I was saying it in July of 2020, and that's why these people started meddling with me back then.
That's why these people have meddled with me for five years straight, because in July of 2020, as you can see in the beginning of this little program, I was closer to right than any of these people have ever gotten.
Define the countermeasures as transformations and transfections.
These obvious truths will undermine the intellectual property value of all this crap.
They will never tell you that even in its purest form, it wouldn't work because biology doesn't work like that.
Because expressing foreign proteins doesn't work like that.
Your body can't ignore it.
And the consequences are known dangers.
Ask the family of Jesse Gelsinger.
So they also can't talk about how infectious clone is just the production of synthetic DNA or RNA.
And then it's application to cell culture.
That's transfection of cell culture.
And they don't want you to know
that it's not that there are no viruses.
It's not that there's no virology.
It's that virology is almost exclusively based on the application of synthetic DNA and RNA to it, to cell culture.
That is called virology.
And as long as people aren't sophisticated to understand it, as long as biologists are learning the old and bad biology 101 or evolution because DNA and aren't thinking straight about what RNA can and can't do, then we'll be stuck there.
because people like Kevin McKernan will keep saying that they're the same thing, infectious clone, a virus you find in a bat butt, that's all the same.
RNA cannot pandemic and none of them will address this.
None of them will say, well, he's wrong and here's why, because they can't.
And so instead they'll say I'm on a crack pipe or that I'm engaging as a victim.
They're misleading the young.
More importantly, they're misleading parents who will teach this crap to their young children and raise them in a world where they believe this stuff is true.
These people, all these people on X, all these people who agreed that Discord and Telegram and Gab and all these things are great.
Locals is great.
All these people are connected all the way back to SOF.
Soph might have even been part of the network that recruited the guy that they shot on the roof over here in Butler, Pennsylvania and claimed that he shot at Donald Trump or something.
These people are all part of the same illusion.
They all agreed that there must be multiple shooters.
Maybe there was a shooter on the water tower.
We should analyze all the audio files we can get because then we can count the number of shots.
It's a spectacular commitment to lies, ladies and gentlemen.
That's why there are little clips of the Weinstein saying my name and transfection and probably the right word, but you know, it's hard to teach people that stuff.
That's why Sasha Latipova and Robert Malone were on stage in Sweden together with Mike Palmer and Meryl Nass because, and that Asim Malhotra, they're all part of the same network, network of liars that won't talk about 2020, won't talk about the murder that was misconstrued.
They won't talk about the murder that was used to manage that old folks problem.
They won't talk about any of that murder.
They just wanna talk about the COVID shots are bad because they have,
Double-stranded DNA in them And that's why you can see videos where where Brent Weinstein is saying this is potentially the end of the West
I'm not worried about the end of the West.
I'm worried about the end of America.
I'm worried about preserving America's system.
America's system of laws needs fixing.
I'm worried about fixing America's government.
I'm worried about fixing America's budget.
I'm worried about fixing America.
Because my kids are American, because we live on American soil, and because American laws are still possible to be used to save us.
Because terms like strict scrutiny mean something still that probably Brett's dad understands very well.
They changed the way we think, ladies and gentlemen, and convinced us by having us solve a mystery.
But they still need us to teach this to our children.
They still need us to teach it to our children.
That's why I open with these slides every day.
Because it is really the big message here that we have been manipulated, we are continued to be manipulated, and social media allows them to manipulate us ever easier in ever smaller groups.
and they are gonna mislead our children this way.
They will do it with brutal efficiency if we allow it to happen.
We have to do something different than our parents did.
We can't let our kids inherit the charlatans that we were allowed to inherit.
We need our kids to inherit a new truth about their biology, a new truth about what health means and how hard it is to be healthy in our culture and in our society with our systems.
We need Americans to realize that there is a new biology 101 that has to do with understanding the human genome project as a lie.
It has to do with understanding intramuscular injection as medicine as a lie.
And it has to do with understanding that a lot of the legal advice that we've been getting is a lie, because it's easy to say it in one sentence, Aaron.
Aaron Seary, this is for you.
The government should be held to strict scrutiny when depriving citizens of fundamental rights.
That's how you fix the PrEP Act.
That's how you fix the vaccine schedule in America, is by objecting to the fact that intramuscular injection to administer medicine to healthy people is just dumb.
Hello, ladies and gentlemen, isn't it great how far we've come?
I look forward to a good month of December.
I'm going to be here a lot, a lot, making sure that these people don't run out the clock on this, that nobody forgets what they've done, and that sometime, somewhere, somewhere in the near future, somebody will take a shot
at correcting this or fine-tuning this messaging because right now, this seems to be the Grand Slam of Grand Slams that nobody wants to talk about.
So if anybody wants to challenge these things, send me an email.
I'll have you on the stream and we'll talk about it.
If not, and you're just enjoying the work and want to share it, please send emails.
Please share actual links to stream and to gigombiological.com and ask people to watch specific videos.
Send them clips.
Send them timestamps.
Write emails to people and tell them to watch.
Sharing this stuff on social media and using social media to escape social media is not going to work.
So I need people, if you want to financially support, that would also be wonderful, because we do need that.
But I have the feeling that that part will take care of itself once new people see this message, once new people are exposed to GigaOM Biological.
And so more than ever, I think I need people to share.
Thank you very much for joining me.
This has been GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief.
brought to you by a biologist in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Coming to you live from my garage.
Thank you very much.
And I will see you again tomorrow for sure.
Okay, so I'll just answer the question, but does rational basis override strict scrutiny?
So there are two separate things.
And the way that I explained it in one of my streams was that if you think of zoning laws and you think of the township of Bethel Park wanting to change the zoning laws on a particular street, you would hold them to the rational basis test.
They just have to have a pretty good reason, a pretty good hypothetical reason, like they think,
in 10 years if they install sidewalks here that businesses will come and so they want to try that and that's fine but if they were going to take away all of our guns they wouldn't be able to say that well we think that it might be better for Bethel Park.
That's not the rational basis.
That's no longer worthy of the rational basis test.
We should hold them to strict scrutiny and they should have all kinds of reasons written down ahead of time and all kinds of scenarios where this wouldn't be possible under the strict scrutiny of certain circumstances.
We may take away guns for a very brief period of time under these circumstances is what that means.
And so if the PREP Act is going to be dismantled on its face, challenged on its face, it would be because the PREP Act allows the suspension of fundamental rights under the rational basis test alone, when fundamental constitutional rights should only be suspended under circumstances when the government is held to strict scrutiny.
And by being able to say that, we can communicate that to all the lawyers in the United States worth their salt.
And they can all understand that what's wrong with the PREP Act is that it allows the Health and Human Services Secretary and an unelected appointed official to suspend several fundamental rights of all the citizens in America for an undisclosed amount of time, an undetermined amount of time under the rational basis review alone, which means that a hypothetical, I think, I have a feeling, my gut tells me,
I'm just trying to explain it as often as I can.
I have my first game on Wednesday night at 8 o'clock.
And if I think about it, even for more than a second, I get so nervous I can hardly... I mean, it's crazy.
I'm also extremely excited about it, of course.
I want to win really bad, though, so it's hard.
Because we're a B-team, we can come against what's essentially A-teams that are split up even.
And we can also come up against B-teams that are split up a little more even.
Or we can come up against B-teams that are really, really bad.
So it's a whole range.
You know, it could be like 40 to 4, or it could be 44 to 40.
And so I'm hoping very much from my boys that it's going to be a close game, one that gets them excited about the rest of the season.
Thank you very much for joining me.
And I will be live tomorrow.
I think we have biology and the statistics to pick up.
So thanks very much for being here.
I'll see you guys again soon.
Yeah, that would have been over here.
There we go.
See you guys.